You now have the tools to carry out hazard analysis and risk assessment.
Let's summarize what we have learned.
First we decided which vehicle item was under consideration.
In this case we were looking at a lane assistance item.
Then we identified various driving situations.
The next step was to imagine
lane assistance malfunctions that could lead to hazardous situations.
We assessed risk based on severity, exposure, and controllability.
The risk assessment produced [inaudible] for these hazardous situations.
In the final step, we define what the item needs to do in order to remain safe.
These are called safety goals.
In the next lesson we are going to refine the safety goals.
We will determine which subsystems are responsible for meeting the safety goals.
This process will be documented in a functional safety concept.